W-16376572-pt-4-alt-text-fa (#547)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/datamapper-fixed-width-input-format.adoc

. We will now create the additional fields. In the *Input* pane, right-click the top-level element (in this case, `fwtest`), then select *Add Field*.
+

> image::6-add-field.png["A blue button with a plus sign and the text "Add Field""]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::6-add-field.png["A blue button with a plus sign and the text Add Field"]
```

Reviewer: I think it's okay to forgo the quotes and other formatting in alt text. I'm not sure if the "" would have messed up anything. Maybe not. But just to be safe.

. The new fields that you add appear at the bottom of the Input pane, as if they were the last fields in the input file. You need to move them up to their proper place, after the `FirstName` input field. To do so, right-click the desired field, then select *Move Field Up*.
+

> image::7-moveup.png["A drop-down menu displays options to remove, edit, or reposition a field"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::7-moveup.png["A dropdown menu displays options to remove, edit, or reposition a field"]
```
